hey guys welcome back to my demons souls
walkthrough I am Mitchell from game
front also known as med that's my
character's name he murders things with
a really long spear and yeah so we're in
the Nexus right now this is the main hub
of demon souls and we're just we're
taking a break right now we're doing
some shopping I bought a new shield
that's pretty much it you're up to speed
so now we're going to go inside the
vault area palace and we got a boss
alright so as I'm sure you guys have all
pointed out to me I was wrong apparently
turpentine coats your weapon in fire not
lightning I wasn't ready for that hold
on talking here apparently coats your
weapon in fire not lightning as I
mistakenly said which is great because
well it's not great that I mistakenly
said that that's kind of embarrassing
but it's great that that what that
turpentine coats my weapon in fire
because phalanxes are weak to fire and
what I remember of boss it's coming up
it's a completely failing space boss
it's a huge ass phalanx and it's
surrounded by about a thousand of
regular failings and so let's take it
out come on
you got me a doctor out stop it knock
that off knock that off oh boy a few
zombies some weak-ass zombies alright so
let's uh let's get the terp turpentine
ready and through the fog haha you can't
get me here we go
alright let's cook the weapon there we
go
take you down
we'll watch out haha stop that
yeah I'll food allergy ouch ouch ouch
knock that off I need to do something
with this oh it hurts i nee got here
opaque shield run away run away some
grass
let's get some fire bombs in there
there we go
some more fire bombs yeah you like that
don't you you like it well eat it some
more I got a whole plateful
how about this well okay hold on hold on
I ran out of turpentine give me a sec
all right who's up for seconds come on
come on taxi just jack it hello run away
Wow knock it off with the spears
put some grass run away yeah yeah yeah
you like that don't you Oh run away oh
god there's a lot of them there I didn't
realize I was running into a whole horde
of them all right heel up
see if we do this again why are you
running why are you running
no yeah
one more hit to do it and one more
turpentine looks like
come on it was laden there was another
out oh it hurts
it's vicious off oh come on
why there's so many sins start killing
some of these
yeah break through the shell yeah
Oh
a little more
Voldemort spent breakthrough
we'll have anymore firebomb something so
i think i took i use them all I'm gonna
have to use another turpentine really
didn't want to
come on
eventually you're going to run out of
these things I'm going to get you there
we go gotcha
demon was destroyed
take all these things shard of hearts
own sweet i'll be able to upgrade my ice
or up my weapons and yeah you know what
this is going to be a short video but we
killed what we vanquish the boss let's
we're putting into this video right now
I'm going to head back to the head back
to the Nexus and we'll see you guys
later thanks for watching please don't
forget to Like comment and subscribe